troubleshooting section based on feedback link_version.md (#772)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/registry/link_version.md

```python
import wandb

> TEAM_ENTITY = "<team-entity>"

Reviewer: @noaleetz Left a follow up question before updating: https://github.com/wandb/docodile/commit/0d4c0af7810e2b2c61f67ead6818ec239dc0ae0a#r144786620 

Can you answer in this thread so it doesn't get lost in the GitHub ether?

Author: > QQ: is a team within an org have the same entity as the team? i.e. If my team is called AwesomeTeam is the entity for that team "AwesomeTeam"?

Yes! Team and entity used to be synonymous (unless you were using your personal entity). Now entity is kind of a bad umbrella term that encompasses team, org, and personal - but I think most users think of entity as being synonymous with team.

Reviewer: Let's make sure that we call out which entity, e.g. team entity vs organization entity vs personal entity. Because, depending on the context, one needs to be aware of the differences + our API parameters use the term "entity"

> TEAM_ENTITY = "<team_entity>"

Author: ```suggestion
TEAM_ENTITY = "<team_entity_name>"
```

> ORG_NAME = "<org_name>"

Author: ```suggestion
ORG_ENTITY = "<org_entity_name>"
```

REGISTRY_NAME = "<registry_name>"  # Set to "model" to link to the model registry
COLLECTION_TYPE = "model"

with wandb.init(entity="TEAM_ENTITY", project="link_quickstart") as run:
  with open("my_model.txt", "w") as f:
    f.write("simulated model file")

  logged_artifact = run.log_artifact("./my_model.txt", "artifact-name", type=COLLECTION_TYPE)
  run.link_artifact(
    artifact=logged_artifact,

>     target_path=f"{ORG_ENTITY_NAME}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/Example ML Task"

Author: ```suggestion
    target_path=f"{ORG_ENTITY}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/Example ML Task"
```
updated to reflect variable names above - in the troubleshooting part we will discuss more in-depth what exactly to use for this field.

Reviewer: Folks generally don't like doing something wrong and then going to a troubleshooting guide (also, they may not think to view the troubleshooting guide)...I think we should be verbose here AND explain what to provide (e.g. in the troubleshooting section).

>     target_path=f"{ORG_ENTITY_NAME}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/Example ML Task"

Author: ```suggestion
    target_path=f"{ORG_ENTITY}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/Example ML Task"
```

  logged_artifact = run.log_artifact("./my_model.txt", "artifact-name", type=COLLECTION_TYPE)
  run.link_artifact(
    artifact=logged_artifact,

>     target_path=f"{ORG_ENTITY_NAME}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/Example ML Task"

Reviewer: We need to update this code example. It doesn't specify the team entity, which can be confusing for folks who don't know that they need to use this in order to link later.

Reviewer: Update: I added this in the latest commit: https://github.com/wandb/docodile/pull/772/commits/0d4c0af7810e2b2c61f67ead6818ec239dc0ae0a

:::

## Troubleshooting 

Below are some common things to double check if you are not able to link an artifact. 

### Linking from a personal account

Only artifacts logged within an organization's team can be linked to the organization's registry. Ensure the entity where the run logging your artifact is created is a team within your organization.

1. Specify the Entity: Use the `entity` argument when you call [`wandb.init()`](https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/python/init). If you do not specify the `entity` when creating a run with `wandb.init()`, the run will be sent to your default entity.
   ```
   wandb.init(project='your_project', entity='your_team')
   ```

2. Log the Artifact: When you call run.log_artifact on a run, the logged artifact will be sent to the entity inherited from the run.

    ```
    run.log_artifact(artifact)
    ```

3. Re-log if Necessary: If an artifact has been logged to the wrong entity, you will need to re-log it to an entity within your organization.

### Organization Names with Team Name Collisions

> When you have an organization with a team name that exactly matches the organization name, our system appends a unique hash to the organization name to avoid naming collisions. We refer to this as the `ORG_IDENTIFIER`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When your organization's name exactly matches that of a team in your organization or our database, our system appends a unique hash to the organization name to avoid naming collisions. We refer to this as the `ORG_IDENTIFIER`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think my suggested change (or something similar) will be better since the collision can happen with a team outside their org too. I would like to avoid a situation where the user comes back to us asking why we use the `ORG_IDENTIFIER` if none of their teams have the same name as their organization

Reviewer 2: Though I'm wondering if we can just use the word entity instead of team above and just say 

```suggestion
When your organization's name exactly matches that of another entity in our system, we append a unique hash to the organization name to avoid naming collisions. We refer to this as the `ORG_IDENTIFIER`.
```

> For example, if your organization name is `reviewco` and you also have a team named `reviewco`, we will append a hash to the organization name, resulting in an `ORG_ENTITY_NAME` such as `reviewco_XYZ123456`. If your organization name does not collide with an existing team or org name, no hash is appended, resulting in an `ORG_ENTITY_NAME` that matches the org name: `reviewco`.

Reviewer: Is ORG_ENTITY_NAME a variable? Or why are we capitalizing it? Also, how do they find this?

Author: Great question. It's an imperfect reality that this exists and we need to explore medium term options to not have this be the case but it would have been a 2 week project, anyways to answer your question:
- Yes - ORG_ENTITY_NAME is a variable that the user would have to manually input 
- re how they find it - this is the goal of the PR and the explanations I provide in this section  - to show the user where in the UI they can find it:

currently there are 2 ways to find what value to use for org-entity-id in the UI, and we should provide a gif to the user to locate these ways:
- [New] At the top of each registry, we show a box with a code snippet of how to link to the registry (i.e we show them what to pass into run.link_artifact including the target_path parameter 
- When they create an empty collection in the UI, they can also access that same code snippet with run.link_artifact which lets them copy the exact line of code to link to that collection

<img width="1000" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-29 at 6 09 24 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50c5714a-276c-4f96-aa31-6209a895e605">
<img width="989" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-29 at 6 11 26 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d7707725-92ed-42ba-ad7a-19ce64fd11b7">

There is currently no way to get this programmatically from the the org-name, I am trying to allocate resources but until then these are the ways it can be confirmed via the UI

* Source version: the artifact version inside a team's project that is logged to a [run](../runs/intro.md).
* Linked version: the artifact version that is published to the registry. This is a pointer to the source artifact, and is the exact same artifact version, just made available in the scope of the registry.
:::

## Troubleshooting 

Below are some common things to double check if you are not able to link an artifact. 

> ### Logging artifacts from a personal account

Reviewer: https://github.com/wandb/docodile/commit/0d4c0af7810e2b2c61f67ead6818ec239dc0ae0a#r144786620

Reviewer: @noaleetz Left a question using that link above, but please reply here.

Author: Also links to a question I left so I am not sure what ? to answer

Only artifacts logged within an organization's team can be linked to the organization's registry. Make sure that you log artifacts using a team entity within your organization. 

#### How to log from a team entity

> 1. Specify the team as the entity when you initialize a run with [`wandb.init()`](https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/python/init). If you do not specify the `entity` when you initialize a run, the run uses your default entity which may or may not be your team entity. 

Reviewer: https://github.com/wandb/docodile/commit/0d4c0af7810e2b2c61f67ead6818ec239dc0ae0a#r144786680

Reviewer: @noaleetz Left a question using that link above, but please reply here.

Author: this links to a comment I left so I'm a bit confused what the question is here

* Linked version: the artifact version that is published to the registry. This is a pointer to the source artifact, and is the exact same artifact version, just made available in the scope of the registry.
:::

## Troubleshooting 

Below are some common things to double check if you are not able to link an artifact. 

### Logging artifacts from a personal account

Make sure that you log artifacts using a team entity within your organization. Only artifacts logged within an organization's team can be linked to the organization's registry. 

Artifacts logged to W&B with a personal entity can not be linked to the registry.

#### How to log from a team entity
1. Specify the team as the entity when you initialize a run with [`wandb.init()`](https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/python/init). If you do not specify the `entity` when you initialize a run, the run uses your default entity which may or may not be your team entity. 
  ```python 
  import wandb   

  run = wandb.init(
    entity='<team_entity>', 
    project='<project_name>'
    )
  ```
2. Log the artifact to the run:

    ```python
    run.log_artifact(artifact)
    ```

> 3. If an artifact is logged to the wrong entity, you will need to re-log it to an entity within your organization.

Author: ```suggestion
3. If an artifact is logged to your personal entity, you will need to re-log it to an entity within your organization.
```

### Organization names with team name collisions

> W&B appends a unique hash to the organization name to avoid naming collisions when you have an organization with a team name that exactly matches the organization name. The combination of the name and the unique hash is known as an organizational identifier or `ORG_ENTITY_NAME`.

Author: ```suggestion
W&B appends a unique hash to the organization name to avoid naming collisions with existing entities. The combination of the name and the unique hash is known as the `ORG_ENTITY`.
```
there are a few different reasons there might be a collision - not just if there is matching team name. Sometimes another org can have the same name as well, so keeping it more general as to why collisions can occur.

> For example, if your organization name is "reviewco" and you also have a team named "reviewco", W&B appends a hash to the organization name that results in an `ORG-IDENTIFIER` named `reviewco_XYZ123456`. 

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if your organization name is "reviewco" and you also have a team named "reviewco", W&B appends a hash to the organization name that results in an `ORG_ENTITY` named `reviewco_XYZ123456`. 
```

:::tip 

> When linking to a registry with the Python SDK, always use the ORG_ENTITY_NAME format in the target_path. In this case, the target path takes the form of `{ORG_ENTITY_NAME}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/{COLLECTION_NAME}`. 

Author: ```suggestion
When linking to a registry with the Python SDK, always use the ORG_ENTITY_NAME format in the target_path. In this case, the target path takes the form of `{ORG_ENTITY}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/{COLLECTION_NAME}`. 
```

:::

For example, the target path might look like `reviewco_XYZ123456/wandb-registry-model/my-collection`.

### Confirm the path of a registry

> To verify the exact path for linking:

Author: Screenshot/gif needs to be added

> 1. Check Out an Empty Collection: Create or inspect the empty state for an empty collection inside a registry.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Check out an Empty Collection: Create or inspect the empty state for an empty collection inside a registry.
```

  run = wandb.init(
    entity='<team_entity_name>', 
    project='<project_name>'
    )
  ```
2. Log the artifact to the run:

    ```python
    run.log_artifact(artifact)
    ```
3. If an artifact is logged to your personal entity, you will need to re-log it to an entity within your organization.

### Organization names with team name collisions

W&B appends a unique hash to the organization name to avoid naming collisions with existing entities. The combination of the name and the unique hash is known as an organizational identifier or `ORG_ENTITY_NAME`.

For example, if your organization name is "reviewco" and you also have a team named "reviewco", W&B appends a hash to the organization name that results in an `ORG_ENTITY_NAME` named `reviewco_XYZ123456`. 

:::tip 
When linking to a registry with the Python SDK, always use the ORG_ENTITY_NAME format in the target_path. In this case, the target path takes the form of `{ORG_ENTITY_NAME}/wandb-registry-{REGISTRY_NAME}/{COLLECTION_NAME}`. 
:::

For example, the target path might look like `reviewco_XYZ123456/wandb-registry-model/my-collection`.

### Confirm the path of a registry

To verify the exact path for linking:

> 1. Create or inspect an empty collection inside a registry.

Reviewer: @noaleetz This is temp. I reworded from "empty state" to this ^^. Is this correct? 

Re on rewording change: "Empty state" sounds confusing.
